add doc for Dedicated Threads (#3393)
NVIDIA/spark-rapids-jni: docs/memory_management.md

### Deadlock Resolution

> Deadlocks occur when every active task has at least one dedicated thread blocked on memory allocation, and all of the pool threads working on that task are also blocked.

Reviewer: Question: does the deadlock occur when both conditions are met that there is one or more blocked dedicated threads _and_ all pooled threads are blocked?

After the rollback, all data of the thread will be spillable and the thread will be blocked before allocating more GPU memory until enough memory is freed up for other threads.
2) If all threads are in the `THREAD_BUFN` state, the lowest priority thread is selected to split its data first and then retry.
The selected thread transitions its state to `THREAD_SPLIT_THROW` and throws an exception to initiate the split-and-retry process.

> ### Dedicated Threads vs. Pool Threads
> 
> From the view of the OOM state machine, each task has one or more "dedicated threads", along with zero or more "pool threads". When checking whether a task is blocked, OOM state machine is lenient on dedicated threads (only require any one of the dedicated threads to be blocked), but stringent on pool threads (all pool threads must be blocked). Being treated leniently is not always a good thing, it increases the chance of being mistakenly identified as a block task, thus causing unnecessary deadlock resolution. So we don't want a thread to be treated as a dedicated thread unless it is really necessary. There are two ways of avoiding a thread being treated as a dedicated thread:

Reviewer: Perhaps this could be a bit easier to read.

```suggestion
### Dedicated Threads vs. Pool Threads

From the perspective of the OOM state machine, each task has one or more "dedicated threads" along with zero or more "pool threads". The OOM state machine treats these threads differently when checking the task OOM state. A task is considered as blocked if one or more dedicated threads are blocked _and_ all pooled threads are also blocked. As such, having more dedicated threads can increase the chance for the task to be considered as blocked. It is important to register threads as pooled threads unless it is absolutely necessary to avoid unnecessary deadlock resolution.

There are two ways of avoiding a thread being treated as a dedicated thread:
```

1. Avoid calling TaskContext.setTaskContext() in the current thread, this will prevent OOM state machine connecting the current thread to the task as a dedicated thread. 

> 2. If you have to set TaskContext, then it's also a good idea to proactively register thread itself as a pool thread instead of a dedicated thread. E.g. https://github.com/binmahone/spark-rapids/blob/581c1726b419ba93efb4302516370973ec465f52/sql-plugin/src/main/scala/com/nvidia/spark/rapids/GpuOrcScan.scala#L2058

Reviewer: Can we use a link to the nvidia repo instead of yours?

Author: sure , good idea

> 2. If you have to set TaskContext, then it's also a good idea to proactively register thread itself as a pool thread instead of a dedicated thread. E.g. https://github.com/binmahone/spark-rapids/blob/581c1726b419ba93efb4302516370973ec465f52/sql-plugin/src/main/scala/com/nvidia/spark/rapids/GpuOrcScan.scala#L2058

Reviewer: Also this could be better to read 

```suggestion
2. If you have to set TaskContext, then it's also a good idea to proactively register thread itself as a pool thread instead of a dedicated thread. An example code can be found [here](https://github.com/binmahone/spark-rapids/blob/581c1726b419ba93efb4302516370973ec465f52/sql-plugin/src/main/scala/com/nvidia/spark/rapids/GpuOrcScan.scala#L2058) for registering threads.
```
